‘The first day of MV shooting is finished!’
'I’m going to the hotel! see you soon~~'
Can HaSeul get to the hotel safely??
But soon after, the car suddenly stopped on the road..
‘I can’t see anything. It’s so dark.’
‘Now… ugh!!’
‘Now…’
‘the staff’s car and our car’
‘had a flat on the way to hotel…’
Two cars had a flat because of the harsh environment of Iceland…
‘So cars stopped and we’ve been waiting almost 20 minutes’
‘Maybe ‘소년, 소녀(Let Me In)’ will be a hit song…’
(the price to avoid something much worse?)
The wardrobe team gave her a backseat of their car
‘I moved the wardrobe team’s camping car and we’re going to hotel’
‘It..
‘It.. could have been…
‘It.. could have been even worse… so I think it’s a good sign!’